The quota for returning to the city to recruit workers is so precious
You get a share
How could you do such a thing?
How can you break the shoe when you go back to the city?
This whining goes to the bed of the bad guys
You say cheap or not
That is.
If this was left before liberation, it would have gone into a pigsty
I said we were talking about someone
What are the broken shoes of unmarried men and unmarried women?
Master Zhang, your daughter
Xiaohua is also dating the sunspot in the next village
Is it also called broken shoes or cheap?
You stinky girl, what nonsense are you talking about?
Frankly, I don't know what Tang Zhenzhen saw
I was hunting hogweed by the stream.
Accidentally fell into the river
It was Dr. Rong who saved me
He brought me back to change my clothes
Yes, there is a creek next to you.
This works together too
I have decided to apply for marriage with Dr. Rong
I will go to the team tomorrow to introduce Xi Ningyuan
Your consciousness is so low
You're messing with this bullpen sweeper
Together
No one says that.
Those who are devolved cannot marry
Since you said it
I want to get the certificate with Dr. Rong immediately.
It's all a misunderstanding.
Everyone go away
In that case, let's all withdraw
Bah shameless little wave
He's done swearing for the rest of his life
Don't worry.
The old party secretary didn't want to make things worse
Make trouble to the informed point and the commune
Not only the red flag of the advanced team will not be available
Collective centimeters will also be deducted
Thanks just now.
But why are you helping me?
Because helping you is also helping myself
This sentence
How to say you stay away from me